
Here is some info to get us started.

Banner will be at top of the page (awaiting artwork also)
Need links
Smart wallet connect
Twitter - https://mobile.twitter.com/BabySpellFrogs
Discord - discord.gg/QynaGaYB
Docs - https://medium.com/@spellfrogs1

Spell Frogs Introduction

Our first 1000 Baby Frogs will, once minted, immediately hop into Abracadabra Money. Your frog will work hard for 30 days using interest baring assets as collateral within Abracadabra to provide you with a return in Magic Internet Money (MIM).
In Simple terms, hold on to your Frog and you will receive a return for doing so every month.


All other info is in the medium link, have a look and let me know what you think and if we should pull any of that info onto the landing page. 




Q&A

Why Binance?

For us it’s a big part of the bridging process where we can realise value almost immediately. Without giving away our entire strategy, that’s all I can really say. It’s also cheap and easy to roll out on.

How much are the frogs?

0.30 BNB for phase 1. Our road map details a further 2000 frogs to be released in month 2/3, these frogs will be 0.5 BNB.
Frogs are strictly limited to 3000 total.

How does it work?

From the outside it’s very simple, mint a frog and hold it. That’s all you need to do to receive your monthly payment.
What’s happening behind the scenes? Our team has some very experienced leverage traders. We have been early adopters of Abracadabra Money and are excited to go to work for our Baby Spell Frog holders.
We wanted to bring something to the Frog Nation that doesn’t involve luck or winning something. It’s simply about holding and waiting, and that’s all you need to do in order to get a monthly payment in MIM. It is still a degen play however, read the Whitepaper for the breakdown.


Wen Launch

At this stage 1st Feb 2022. But we will see what the social uptake is like.

What does the next 12 months look like?

As we know that’s a long time in crypto. But I can share we are already developing our play to earn game where you’ll need a frog to participate. The frogs are strictly limited to 3000, there will not be any more.

What was the inspiration?

We knew we were going to offer our expertise in Abracadabra somehow, we just didn’t know what the front of house would look like.
As we decided on an NFT, a slew of other Frog NFT’s launched which we loved.
We felt like we are offering a SMART NFT to the Frog Nation so why not a frog.
The idea to make it a baby frog came from the fact they are cute, we feel like both the demand and market for frogs was justifiable.

How big is the team

There are 4 of us, it may grow over time but for now we got things covered. However if you’re a Web 3.0 whiz we are always happy to talk.